ASSIGNMENT 03: SWEET DREAM BAKERY WEBSITE

Name: Julia Khanyukova
Student Number: 101 383 775

1. Changes from Assignment 2:
From the feedback I got on the 2nd assignment, I added the <main> element to the pages that were missing it (menu.html and order.html), and turned the <h3> tag in menu.html into an <h2> tag instead. I also turned the menu card divs into <article>. I also worked with min() values for certain font sizes and other sizing elements, as well as values like rem, vw, vh, etc., aiming to optimize the website for any screen size, and am happy to say I am very happy with the dynamic resizing. I also added the name attribute to all the form elements that were missing it previously.


2. Features Added Checklist:

Request 1: Responsive Navigation with Hamburger Menu 
- I used Kevin Powell's "Responsive navbar tutorial using HTML CSS & JS" video to help me with the logic for this aspect
- I learned a lot in terms of not only media queries but also accessibility; I liked his sr-only class a lot.
- Instead of his suggested usage of pngs for the hamburger menu, i found FontAwesome's x and 3bars icons to be a lot cleaner.
- Thus i removed the image background styling on the button, as opposed to what was demonstrated in the tutorial

Request 2: Form Validation with Error Messages
- I used JavaScipt Academy's "Form validation using Javascript on the client side for beginners" video to help me with the logic for this.
- The parameters to check were different, but followed more or less the same logic as the ones in the video.
- Copilot helped me with generating the messy email and phone number validation functions

Request 3: Back to Top Button
- I used GTCoding's "Back To Top (Scroll To Top) Button Using HTML5, CSS and JavaScript" video as a guide in helping me code this feature.
- It was pretty straightforward, I had no issues.
- Used the FontAwesome up-chevron for the icon

Request 4: Dynamic Content Rendering from Data
- Used various innerHTML tutorials as well as the appendChild() and createElement() documentation websites.
- Also included the filter categories in here so that i could set the dessert-filter as an attribute of each dessert and reference it later
- Literally copy-pasted the HTML of the dessert cards to be added into the HTML

Request 6: Live Filtering or Search
- Used Kevin Powell's "Tab filtering animations with view transitions" video as a guide
- Had to access the filter category attribute generated by request #4 


3. AI Usage Documentation:

In addition to the documented AI usage in the style.css and script.js file, I also used ChatGPT to help me go over my code, comparing it to the rubric criteria and help fix up some errors I had. Its' most notable suggestion was:
- modularizing the javascript file to simply run all the functions of each feature when the js file loads, instead of running 300+ lines of code all at once
I implemented this instantly since this is exactly the type of modularization I needed in my script.js file.


